[ADD] new module stock_product_label (#1)
hailangvn/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_product_label/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

Original wizard ProductLabelLayout is using native Odoo field Selection so it
does not allow removing format. Besides that, adding format requires modifying

> template. This module refactor the selection and add the flexibity to update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template. This module refactors the selection and adds the flexibity to update
```
